Okay.
So the next file that we want to update is going to be our test file for a composable.
So right here in tests unit store, I'm going to rename my file from composable dot tasks to composable.
So that test that's it's now a typescript test file.
And you'll see we're going to encounter a couple violations, but they are going to come from the exact
same reason that we just saw a couple of lessons ago, and that is that TypeScript does not understand
that at this point.
Use Store is no longer the original use store function from the UX, but rather a just mock function
that we created online.
Number two.
So we're going to solve this problem the exact same way as we did earlier.
We're going to tell TypeScript using the as keyword to treat, use store as a just mock function or
to be of that type, rather than telling TypeScript to stick with its default inference and its own
parsing of use store.
So right here, what I'm going to say is let's actually do it right here.
After all the imports concept, use, store, mock.
And the only reason I'm picking a different name is so that there's no name conflict with the original
use store import up above.
So my use store mock constant will be use store.
So basically I'm referencing the exact same function, except I'm going to use that as keyword to communicate
that TypeScript should interpret this as having a different type.
What type?
It's going to be a just mock object.
All right.
So once again, you store mock and you store are referencing the same mock function.
However, with use store mock, TypeScript is aware that that is now being treated as a just mock function,
which has methods like mock return value.
So right here instead of use store, I'm going to replace this with you store mock.
And now TypeScript understands that that method is valid and its argument is valid and it won't complain
anymore.
So scrolling down, I'm going to replace this with use store mock as well.
Replace this with use store mock as well.
And finally down here, replace, use store with you, store mock as well.
Save that.
Let's run our complete test suite as always.
So right here and PM run test colon unit.
And let's see where that gets us.
All right.
No other violations in this file.
Everything's looking good.
Give it a couple of seconds.
And.
Getting to all that stuff.
Perfect.
Everything is passing.
All right, so now our composable test file is in TypeScript as well.
I'll see you in the next lesson.